Make kubernetes check a tile only (#6999)
DataDog/integrations-core: kubernetes/README.md

- Visualize and monitor Kubernetes states
- Be notified about Kubernetes failovers and events.

> Note: This check only works with agent 5. For agent 6+ refer to the [kubelet check][14].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This check only works with Agent v5. For Agent v6+, refer to the [kubelet check][14].
```
